doc: highlight difference in module loading between ESM and CommonJS (#59815)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

## Built-in modules

> When importing built-in modules, all the named exports (i.e. properties of the module exports object) are populated even if they are not individually accessed.
> This can make initial imports of built-in modules slightly slower compared to loading them with
> `require()` or `process.getBuiltinModule()`, where the module exports object is evaluated immediately,

> > but some of its properties may only be initialized when first accessed individually.

Reviewer: I believe this should not call out at the beginning of the "Built-in modules" section. This is not a warning.

I'd prefer that moving this to the end of the section if we really want to document it.

## Built-in modules

> > **Note:** When importing built-in modules via ESM , the module is fully evaluated at import time, and all properties are populated immediately. This can make initial imports slightly slower compared to CommonJS, which evaluates lazily.

Reviewer: > This can make initial imports slightly slower compared to CommonJS, which evaluates lazily.

This is not true. The builtin module body is still been evaluated fully at the time being imported in CommonJS. However, some exported names are lazily initialized when they are accessed at the time, which could make the comparable differences.

Please see original post for accurate reference: https://github.com/nodejs/node/issues/59686#issuecomment-3242590976

> > **Note:** When importing built-in modules via ESM , the module is fully evaluated at import time, and all properties are populated immediately. This can make initial imports slightly slower compared to CommonJS, where the module body is still evaluated eagerly but some built-in properties are only initialized when first accessed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> When importing built-in modules, all the named exports (i.e. properties of the module exports object) are populated even if they are not individually accessed.
> This can make initial imports slightly slower compared to loading them with `require()` or
> `process.getBuiltInModule()`, where the module exports object is evaluated immediately,
> but some of its properties may only be initialized when first accessed individually.
```

`import` is not a ESM-only thing - CommonJS also has access to `import()`. On the other hand, `require()` is not ESM-only either, ESM can use `createRequire()` too, and `process.getBuiltInModule()`.
